I socialize outside of work. That's interesting. You do want to socialize
with your wardrobe. I've always found that because you are one ship,
one team won't wardroom my father's record recollections. My 30
year tour are the four ships and we won't go up. We had a lot of parties
back in the day, and also we would underway in a port way would
put a pretty much with the warder. You're really tight with your wardrobe
Now. There would be official ship's functions where you know
the division that party way would have division Christmas parties on
the bigger ships. You have multiple parties. There are departments
get together. So I thought that too. I will say they want one thing.
No one really likes having to go to a party of being directed to go
party. So if I was the senior officer at the parties, I would arrive
first, arrive on time scheduled time. But I'd also be first and but
the crew party. So it sze about them. You never want to be seen with
dictatorial. They work for you during the day, you know, let them
have their time off. And so that's a delicate balance that you have
to find